feat (networking): [dns resolution] cloud-init search backend domain using Azure provided DNS address (#15)
mspnp/iaas-landing-zone-baseline: 08-bootstrap-validation.md

   > Ideally you'd just run `az network bastion ssh -n $AB_NAME_HUB -g rg-plz-connectivity-regional-hubs --target-resource-id <VM_RESOURCE_ID> --auth-type AAD` but due to a [known bug](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli-extensions/issues/6408) you must connect using the above Azure Bastion tunnel method.

   1. Validate DNS resolution from the frontend VM.

      ```bash
      sudo tcpdump -w /tmp/dns.pcap -i eth0 port 53 &
      host azure.com && host backend-00.iaas-ingress.contoso.com
      ```

>      > Note: the Frontend VMs are configured to route-only backend-00.iaas-ingress.contoso.com via Azure Provided DNS (168.63.129.16). The rest of the DNS queries should be resolved via hub DNS IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > The frontend VM are configured to resolve backend-00.iaas-ingress.contoso.com via Azure DNS (168.63.129.16). All other DNS queries are resolved by the virtual network provided (DHCP) DNS IP, which is the Azure Firewall DNS proxy in the hub.
```

   1. Kill the background proccess for capturing your network traffic

      ```bash
      fg
      <ctrl+c>
      ```

   1. Examine the captured packets

      ```bash
      tcpdump -tnr /tmp/dns.pcap | grep -E 'backend-00.iaas-ingress.contoso.com|azure.com'
      ```

>       > Note: the results should reflect that your backend VM and azure FQDNs are resolved using diffrent DNS IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      > The results should reflect that your backend FQDN and other FQDNs are resolved using different DNS IPs.
```
